---
title: BibTeX generator
date: 2024-01-25
authors: [thangckt]
slug: adding-a-badge-to-your-project
description: >
  one click to generate BibTeX entry for any url
categories:
  - Science
---

# BibTeX generator

Have you ever felt exhausted and bored dealing with manually creating BibTeX entries for your paper?

There are support tools/plugins accompanied by reference managers like Zotero, Mendeley,... that can help to automatically generate the `.bib` file. You then need to have such a reference manager, its plugins, and a collection of papers in the form of that management library installed on your computer. Even though, the BibTeX entry generated by those tools is not always correct. They normally come up with incomplete information, messy format, and abundant unnecessary fields that you still need to check and fix manually.

Sometimes, you just need to cite a paper or two, and you don't want deal with all the hassle of the above-mentioned. Facing this situation quite often, I just want to quickly copy and paste a bib entry to the `.bib` file and that's it. I think of such a simple tool and look around to see if there is any. I found some, but they do not really work.

That's all I have. So I created a simple tool to help me with that. It's called [BibTeX generator](https://BibTeX-generator.netlify.app/). It's a simple web app that allows you to generate BibTeX entry for any url. It's free and open source. You can find the source code [here](
You can then export the `.bib` file from that library. But I don't want to install any of them. I just want to copy and paste the BibTeX entry and that's it. That's all I have. So I created a simple tool to help me with that. It's called [BibTeX generator](https://BibTeX-generator.netlify.app/). It's a simple web app that allows you to generate BibTeX entry for any url. It's free and open source. You can find the source code [here](


But I don't want to install any of them. I just want to copy and paste the BibTeX entry and that's it. I don't want to create an account, I don't want to install any software. I just want to copy and paste the BibTeX entry and that's it. That's all


I have. So I created a simple tool to help me with that. It's called [BibTeX generator](https://BibTeX-generator.netlify.app/). It's a simple web app that allows you to generate BibTeX entry for any url. It's free and open source. You can find the source code [here](